fix: add apache 2 license🚧 (#163)
ethereumclassic/ECIPs: _specs/ecip-1000.md

## ECIP Licensing

> You may not specify a license. Claims to any license other than the one specified in the repository root are invalid.

Author: ```suggestion
You may not specify a license. Claims to any license other than the one specified [here](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/blob/master/LICENSE) are invalid.
```

> You may not specify a license. Claims to any license other than the one specified [here](https://github.com/ethereumclassic/ECIPs/blob/master/LICENSE) are invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may specify any license you want. However, in order for a proposal to be permanently accepted to this repository (eg. merged via a [Github Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-requests)), it must be associated with an [Apache 2 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html). 

For authors with alternative license preferences, it is suggested that you choose an even more lenient license (eg. [The Unlicense](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/unlicense/)) so that your work can be copied verbatim to this repository by any enterprising member of "the community" artistic, enterprising, or selfless enough to lay jealous claim to your ideas. In the case that this path is undesirable, you are free to pursue licensing and distribution of your ideas at will in any forum and any manner you wish; please only be advised that it will probably be more profitable to collect payment for your ideas and work _before_ actually sharing them with a bunch of pseudo-anonymous crypto-anarchists you met on the internet.  

By leaving this section blank, when and if your document's content is officially and technically included in this repository's `master` branch (no matter the labeled _Status_ of the document), the document will, along with its fore-running peers, fall under the Apache 2 License prescribed. 
```

Author: I disagree. It presents unnecessary challenges and risks to allow people to license the contents of this repo differently. 1 GPL ECIP and the whole repo is tainted.

Reviewer: ?

> You may specify any license you want. However, in order for the document content of a proposal to be permanently accepted to this repository (eg. merged via a [Github Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-requests)), it must be associated with an [Apache 2 License](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
